Q1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
  *  - Expression
  'hello' - String value
  -87.8 - Integer value
  -  - Expression
  /  - Expression
  6  - Integer value

Q2. What is the difference between string and variable?
ans.
  String - Sting is a data type to store the sequence of characters. Strings are immutable. This means that once defined, they cannot be changed.
  Variable- Variables are nothing but reserved memory locations to store values.
  
Q3. Describe three different data types.
  a. Integers- Integer literals are created by any number without a decimal or complex component.
  b. Float - Float literals can be created by adding a decimal component to a number.
  c. Complex- Complex literals can be created by using the notation x + yj where x is the real component and y is the imaginary component.
  
Q4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
  Ans. An expression is a combination of values, variables, operators, and calls to functions. Expressions need to be evaluated.
  
Q5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
  ans. Statements represent an action or command e.g print statements, assignment statements. Expression is a combination of variables, operations and values that yields a result value.
  
Q6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
  ans. 23
  
Q7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
  'spam' + 'spamspam' = 'spamspamspam'
  'spam' * 3 =  'spamspamspam'

Q8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid? 
  ans. Variable name can contain both letters and digits, but they have to begin with a letter or an underscore, that is why eggs is a variable and 100 is not a variable.
  
Q9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
  ans. Integer - int(), floatig point number- float(), String version-str()
  
Q10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
  ans. we can only concatenate str (not "int") to str. and here 99 is a integer value.
       Fix is 'I have eaten ' + '99' + ' burritos.' that means keep 99 as a string.
